it has begun okay you want to say
anything your finger the camera no okay
so what is your name again Sarah right
do you mind being on here and I am
getting my hair cut off today I really
for some reason in my life have like
long hair was necessary to be beautiful
and like a strong pressure to be
beautiful and for some reason I just
feel like if I don't have long hair that
I won't be beautiful but that's not what
God says
just a little maneuvering
feel like I'm on America's Next Top
Model
yeah I know this is the measuring
process she's measuring her hair to see
how much it's gonna cut all you can do
it learn it's okay did you pick that
picture cuz you like you can do it
that's why I came with you
so she's thrown a little measuring for
Locks of Love too so it's about 11
inches coming off at this point okay
fine more like to go okay here we go
we're about two minutes into this okay
scissors are coming okay all right here
we go there's the cut all right
BAM there it is
she only cut out 12 and she's like she
can have room to work with this is the
first time alone he's getting a haircut
and do any Hey
I am finding this very I don't know and
it's done it's a ponytail okay this is
her reaction don't hyperventilate Lauren
you'll be you could do it for fries
still have a look
she might need that water now she's
gonna look beautiful she's gonna get a
style like somebody okay you okay are
you gonna want to be like your bangs
longer okay it's gonna pick up the pitch
oh she wants long enough that I can tuck
it behind my ear that's the main thing
like as long as I think you'll tuck your
hair I'm gonna wash it and I'll cut the
rest okay so do you want a little bit
angled or do you like your pre straight
here this I think that angle would be
nice line she is done really good I
think all of heaven is applauding you
right now I'm pretty sure about that
that's a different little high maybe on
my hair is kinda wavy yeah so she's got
some room to play around which is good
okay we're going to get a pitchy whoo
look at that baby that's going to Locks
of Love that's probably gonna be on a
leukemia patient soon which is a good
thing
praise God for that all right your
pictures up in everything that we're
gonna pray agree with me I just I just
need you so much and I'm willing to do
anything
to get closer to you and to realize Who
I am so God in this by my accent paper
please just show me who I am show me how
much you love me and how beautiful I am
or give me peace and strength and be
with me be close to me all right be in
the after